    PIP: 006
    Title: Mentorship Program
    Author: <Victor Metleshka>
    Created: <2018-01-22>
    Requires: PIP002, PIP003


## Simple Summary

A decentralized approach and incentive structure for growing the Parsec team. We want a transparent and equal-for-everyone process with little overhead to bring on new members. These new members should be equiped with the necessary knowledge and right expectations to participate in the theam.

## Specification

Each partner can become a mentor. A partner is defined by having claimed at least 10 Basic Incomes and holding at least one role in the Parsec circle or subcircles.

A mentee is a new member invited to slack by a mentor. The mentee is introduced to the team and the Parsec constitution by the mentor with the intention to recruit a long-term member to the team.

**Conditions for Mentorship:**

- A mentor can only have one mentee at a time.
- Each mentorship takes exactly 8 consequitive weeks.
- A mentee graduates to partner once the mentee is able to claim his 10th Basic Income.
- A reward of 500,000 Parsec tokens is payed to the mentor of the graduating mentee.

**Incentives for Mentees:**

- In the first 4 weeks the Mentee can claim half basic income without tacos.
- if the mentee manages to claim enough tacos for half or full income, they need to be spend.
- The mentee can claim bounties, like everyone else.


## Copyright
Copyright and related rights waived via [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
