    PIP: 005
    Title: Bounty Budget
    Author: <Johann Barbie, Kosta Korenkov>
    Created: <2018-01-18>
    Requires: PIP002


## Simple Summary

The Bounty Budget is an allowance for a circle to write out rewards to complete required tasks. Completed tasks are payed by the Escrow council to the claiming member.

## Motivation
Extend the Basic Income program with goal-oriented incentives.

## Current Circles using Bounties

- R&D


## Specification

Each circle that chooses PIP005 to manage its goals will be able to register Bounties up to a certain limit. The total number of bounties registered per circle should at no time exceed 40,000 DAI. Also no more than 14,000 DAI of bounties can be claimed per month.

### How to create a new bounty?

Only the Lead Links of the 3 circles can register bounties:

1. Create an issue with bounty description and `bounty` and `draft` tags in an appropriate repository. If it is not clear which repository to use, create an bounty issue in [PARSEC General repo](https://github.com/parsec-labs/parsec-general-circle/). 
  
   [[Bounty template](#bounty-template)] [[Example](https://github.com/parsec-labs/parsec-general-circle/issues/35)]
   
   If the bounty spans across multiple repositories, consider splitting it in a smaller per-repo bounties if possible
   
   The bounty definition should be SMART (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time bound)

2. Add the bounty to the [Bounties](https://github.com/parsec-labs/PIPs/wiki/Bounties) page with a `Draft` status.

3. Decide on bounty amount and verifier and create a "Yes/No" poll in the `#escrow-council` channel with a link to the bounty description to vote on the bounty eligibility, reward size and verifier.
  
    By voting members of `#escrow-council` verify that bounty does not exceed the budget and is SMART.

4. Bounty is approved once it have votes of 4 signing members of #escrow-council.
5. Update the Bounty state to `Approved` in the [wiki](https://github.com/parsec-labs/PIPs/wiki/Bounties) and remove `draft` tag from the corresponding issue.


### How to earn money by delivering bounties

1. Review the list of "Approved" bounties in [wiki](https://github.com/parsec-labs/PIPs/wiki/Bounties) or at https://parseclabs.org/bounties
2. Choose the bounty which you feel capable to deliver and which is not assigned yet (no assignee on Github issue)
3. Leave a comment in the bounty issue that you would like to work on the bounty and get approval from bounty Proposer or Verifier.
4. Start working on the issue
    - Within 3 days from the start you must create a WIP pull request for the bounty, which will be used to track the progress.
    - You must actively work on the bounty, otherwise it may be [withdrawn from you](#challenge-period) .
5. Once you think the bounty is complete (check against the Deliverables), leave a comment asking for review.
6. Bounty completion is reviewed by Proposer and Verifier.
7. If approved as completed, the bounty amount (denominated in DAI) is payed out in ETH at the current rate. Otherwise, you will be asked to make corrections.

### Challenge period

Verifier must regularily track a progress made on his bounties. If there is no significant progress/effort made in last 7 days and there was no prior notice from the bounty assignee, Verifier MAY start a challenge period for the bounty:

- give a 2 days public notice to the assignee to continue working
- if assignee fails to make significant progress/effort within the next 5 days, the bounty is unassigned and is now free for others to start work on.


### Q&A

**How to quantify if the progress/effort is significant?**

This is on discretion of Verifier and Proposer.

**I feel that bounty definition is not clear or vague. What should I do?**

Communicate

**I have bounty assigned but can't work on it now because I'm busy/sick/away/whatever. What should I do?**

Communicate

**I have bounty assigned but I'm stuck and can't make any progress. What should I do?**

Communicate

### Bounty template

```
# Bounty <bounty number>: <bounty title>

<general description>

## Scope
- <this should be done>
- <and this>
- <some requirement>

## Deliverables
<what should be delivered for the bounty to be considered done>

## Gain for the project
<why it is useful for the project>

----
Bounties: https://github.com/parsec-labs/PIPs/wiki/Bounties
```

## Copyright
It is a free culture work, licensed under Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike (CC-BY-SA) version 4.0.
