    PIP: 008
    Title: On-A-Budget mode (aka Doshirak mode)
    Author: <Kosta Korenkov>
    Created: <2018-03-18>
    Status: Deferred
    Requires: PIP002, PIP004, PIP005, PIP007


## Simple Summary
When we short on funds, cut our costs to bare minimum. Reduce basic income buyback and keep budgets only for funds-attracting activities.
This PIP is basically a set of amendments to PIP004, PIP005, PIP007.

## Motivation
When we are running out of cash, our top priority should be to look for more money to sustain the project. Building positive cashflow, looking for new investments and/or grants. We cut our expenses to give us more time for that and to postpone running out of funds.

## Specification

**Assignment Pipeline Value** - the sum of revenue expected from all ongoing project with low execution risk. This value is updated in each [Parsec General Tactical](https://github.com/orgs/parsec-labs/teams/parsec-general-circle/discussions/1) and confirmed by the Treasurer according to the data in the [burndown spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YT9mxHpmAyu25vXFZmenlLlx1aA4w0pBdDJQfWQxKr0).
**Escrow Council Balance** - value of funds held in multi-sig measured in DAI.

This PIP applies the next Monday 00:00 UTC after the sum of Assignment Pipeline Value and Escrow Council Balance falls below 50,000 DAI.
This PIP cease to apply the next Monday 00:00 UTC after the sum of Assignment Pipeline Value and Escrow Council Balance exceed more than 80,000 DAI worth of ETH.

## Effects on other PIPs
- PIP004: Limit partner buyback program to buy back 40,000 PSC maximum
- PIP007: Limit budget payments to 1000 DAI per month per circle
- PIP005: Limit new bounties to 1000 DAI per month per circle. All the bounties which have ongoing work are still eligible to claim.

## Copyright
It is a free culture work, licensed under Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike (CC-BY-SA) version 4.0.
