    PIP: 007
    Title: Circle Budgets
    Author: <Victor Metleshka>
    Created: <2018-02-06>
    Requires: PIP002


## Simple Summary

Every lead link of the circle should decide which PIP he wants to use in his circle. There are two options: [PIP005](https://github.com/parsec-labs/PIPs/blob/master/PIPS/pip-005.md) and [PIP007](https://github.com/parsec-labs/PIPs/blob/master/PIPS/pip-007.md).

All circles listed here are using this PIP as a main budget PIP and they are following all rules of this PIP.
- Communication circle;
- Acebusters circle;

Abbreviation:
- LLOPLC - lead link of ParsecLabs circle;
- TLCLL - top level circle lead link;
- DAI - cryptocurrency that is price stabilized against the value of the U.S. Dollar;
- monthly budget - budget which can be spent on the circle needs from 1 st day of the month, till the last day of the month.

As a TLCLLs we would like to be able to complete our tasks faster and more efficiently. To fulfill this needs, we think, that it would be good, if every TLCLL will have its own budget, which can be spent to resolve blockers in our work and to motivate people, to complete our goals faster.

## Specification

General budget rules:
- Every circle will have monthly budget, which is equal to 5,000 DAI in ETH;
- All budget is sent to the TLCLLs ether wallet at the beginning of each month (1st working day);
- Only the TLCLL can decide how to spent money from his circle;
- All expenses that are lower than 1,000 DAI in ETH can be executed without any confirmations;
- All expenses that are higher than 1,000 DAI in ETH should be pre-approved by the LLOPLC. Requests should be submitted into the Escrow-council chat and LLOPLC has 48 hours to make a decision on this expense. If there were no reaction from the LLOPLC after 48 hours, request is automatically approved;
- If there are leftovers from monthly budget at the last day of the month, it's automatically considered as a part of the new month budget. TLCLLs wallet will be automatically funded with rest of the money to back-up monthly budget to the 5,000 DAI in ETH level;
- Every lead link on the last working day of the month should provide full list of budget expenses through the month. New month budget is not transferred to the TLCLLs wallet, until list was not read and approved by the LLOPLC. List of expenses should contain: date, amount, description and recipient of the expense;
- Money spent over the budget are not covered with Escrow-council;

Rules for making expenses from the budget:
- Expense overall has positive influence on the ParsecLabs project;
- Expense should have a purpose;
- If we are not sure if expense will have a positive effect, if should be pre-approved by the LLOPLC;
- Expense cannot be made to fulfill somebodies personal needs;

## Copyright
Copyright and related rights waived via [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
