    PIP: 009
    Title: Hustler PIP
    Author: <KRostislav Grubi>
    Created: <2018-07-13>


## Simple Summary
Bring in new customers (investments) to the project and receive your cut as a reward. That can help us stay independent. 

## Motivation
Project needs money to sustain itself and stay independent. This PIP aims to incentivise people to look for a way to bring more customers (investments) to the PARSEC Labs project.

## Specification

**Glossary:**

- Claimant - a person willing to claim reward as part of this PIP
- Rewardable base - amount of ETH eligible for reward calculation

**Things qualified for reward**

1. You bring some customer (investor) which eventually invested in the project
 
Rewardable base: ETH or fiat investment sent to Escrow council or our LLC by customer

2. You brought in some opportunity for the project to earn on a side. 

Conditions: 

side project should be accepted by the team 
reward will be paid after receiving first payment from the customer

Rewardable base: all ETH or fiat income generated to Escrow council or our LLC by this side project.

**Reward amount**

Claimant gets a % of rewardable base as following (worth of DAI on the date of transfer): 

5% - if rewardable base <= 20k DAI
4% - if rewardable base <= 50k DAI  
3% - if rewardable base <= 100k DAI 
2% - if rewardable base > 100k DAI 

**Conditions:**

Reward is transferred in ETH (in a 1 week period after the date of the investment)
Claimant can share his reward with someone else if he believes its needed

**Obligations**

Claimant becomes an account manager, point of communication and bridge between the project and the investor (side project). You have to pitch, negotiate all the details, close the deal and keep the communication later on if its needed (be accountable for this investor).

## Effects on other PIPs
None

## Copyright
It is a free culture work, licensed under Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike (CC-BY-SA) version 4.0.
